Thank you Miss Xia for the gift.
Lin Feng, let's keep it first.
Wait until the wedding is over before opening it
Come on, the gift I gave is for Lin Feng to open it now.
What's wrong, I don't want to guess
Can help you
Xia Yiqiu, what are you going to do?
I told you before.
I have a big surprise for you
Take a look what this is
I don't know.
You're pregnant?
And it's been 3 months
It's clearly written on it
What are you asking me for?
I can't do this.
How did you get pregnant?
Haven't you always rejected these things?
Miss, I told you ten days ago that he was a scum
Do you believe it now?
How could this be?
Brother, I am pregnant with your child
You have to marry someone else
I said you were a jerk and there was nothing wrong with that
how
Took apart the essence of your scum
Are you afraid of pretending to be sick?
Your trick is not clever at all
Ah, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Lin Feng, wake up
Lin Feng Lin Feng
Lin Feng, wake up, why are you so fragile?
This won't work.
If he doesn't love it, the question is to say it three times.
Do you have a story?